Yes, During my Full-stack web development course, I developed and deployed a Construct Week project in which I built a  Gym application. This is a collaborative project and We have Two members in my team which I lead. To build this project I used a tech stack for frontend HTML, CSS, and JavaScript; for Backend, I used Node.js and Express. As a Database I used MongoDB and for caching login credentials I used the Redis caching library. This project is completed within 5 days. In This project, I'm responsible for building functionality like the Home page, User Authentication and Authorization, Trainers side Classes Creation for users, and Class updating method and admin side processes. In this project, Trainers can Create Different types of classes in various categories for users for example Yoga or Zumba. Also, users can book that class's seat by availability. To Deploy the backend server I use Cyclic as a deployment platform and for frontend deployment Vercel platform.

For designing such a large database word search efficiently, we can use a different approach. My approach for this is: Firstly, we need to index the large text file in a way that allows fast keyword search and frequency count. The data structure I prefer for this search is a trie. We can use a map-reduce framework like Spark that can process a large amount of data in parallel. We split the file into smaller chunks and assign them to different workers who read each chunk and insert words and their frequencies into a local trie. We can use reduce to merge the local and global trie.
To store the global trie, we can use a distributed key-value store such as Redis or Cassandra that can handle high concurrency and availability. We can use the prefix of each word as the key and the frequency as the value. To query the system, we can use a RESTful API that takes a keyword as a parameter and returns the frequency as a response. The API will first hash the keyword and find the node that stores the corresponding key-value pair, then it will retrieve the value and send it back to us.
This is an overview of how I can design a system for keyword search and frequency count in a large text file. We can also improve the performance and reliability of the system using some other techniques, such as caching to store frequently accessed data, compression, replication of the database, such as read replicas or write replicas, and load balancing to distribute incoming searches to different servers.


also known as a prefix tree or digital tree, is a tree-like data structure that is used to store a dynamic set of strings where the keys are usually sequences, such as words in a language. 

As a full-stack web development student, I've gained hands-on experience in both frontend and backend technologies through individual and collaborative projects. I am confident that my dedication and performance will justify the compensation adjustment and align with the role's responsibilities."